Download Psge - URL:
https://www.downloadcrew.com/article/32585-virtualxp_free

Download - URL:
javascript:checkDownload( '34201', '?act=software.download&id=34201&t=1559409648&c=8d2af4c4422e5323b4af9f2175d43331117ded08', false )


VirtualXP Free 1.0
Keep your old XP install running after switching to a new PC

License: Free, for personal-use only 
Operating Systems: Windows Server, Windows XP 
Requirements: Windows Server 2003 or XP
 
Languages: English 
Software Cost: Free  
Date Updated: 04 September 2014 
Watchlist:  Add download to my watchlist  
Downloads To Date: 3696 
Developer: Farstone 
RSS News Feed:  
Twitter Feed: http://twitter.com/FarStoneTech  
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/FarStoneTechnology  
 

If you’re still clinging on to your old Windows XP machine or installation, then it really 
is time to upgrade to a new machine. For all the prep and research you do, how can you be 
sure all your data will come across, or that you’ll be able to use trusted applications in 
Windows 7 or later?

VirtualXP provides you with a neat and elegant solution to the problem: it converts your 
existing Windows XP installation into a virtual hard drive, which you can then set up and 
use on your new PC using a virtualisation package that supports the VHD format (Virtual PC 
is the recommended choice).

These programs allow you to run virtual instances of Windows safely in their own window, 
just as if you were still sat at your old PC. Your data, settings and programs are all 
preserved, so nothing is lost or left behind.

It’s simple to use – once installed, fire up the program – if prompted, click to download 
any required components. Once done, click the "Immigrate XP to VM" button (Farstone 
betraying its non-English origins with that particular mistranslation). After a short 
pause, you’ll see a list of drives and partitions, with your Windows partition already 
selected. If you want to include other partitions (say a data drive) you can do so here.

Now it’s a simple case of clicking Browse – navigate to a suitable folder (typically on an 
external drive) – and click Start. The imaging process can take some time, but once 
complete you’ll have a virtual copy of your Windows XP in VHD format, ready for importing 
into any virtual application that can read VHD files, and ensuring you don’t lose touch 
with your old PC. Take our advice though - make sure it works before you ditch your old 
computer.

Note VirtualXP is free for personal use only – a commercial license can be purchased for 
$28.

Verdict:
A simple and fuss-free way of ensuring your old apps and files don’t get left behind when 
you finally move on from Windows XP.